README.md, before:

# InsightBridge AI 🌉

**Upload your data. Ask real business questions.**
*No dashboards. No SQL. Just insights.*

InsightBridge AI is a polished, executive-friendly business analytics tool designed to transform raw CSV data into board-ready insights instantly. It leverages a mock AI engine (readily swappable for OpenAI) to demonstrate the power of conversational analytics.

## 🚀 Key Features

- **Talk to Your Data**: Chat interface that understands business context (Trends, Risks, Growth).
- **Instant Visualization**: Dynamic Plotly charts generated on-the-fly within the chat.
- **Executive Summary Mode**: One-click generation of a professional, board-ready 30-60-90 day plan.
- **Zero Config**: Works with standard business CSVs (Sales, Metrics, Financials).
- **Demo-Ready**: Includes a "Surprise Me" mode for effortless demonstrations.

## 🛠️ Quick Start

### 1. Clone & Install
```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/insightbridge-ai.git
cd insightbridge-ai
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 2. Run the App
```bash
streamlit run app.py
```

### 3. Usage
- **Upload**: Drag & drop your CSV file.
- **Explore**: Use the chat panel to ask questions or click the preset buttons.
- **Report**: Click "Generate Executive Summary" for a high-level overview.

## 📦 Project Structure

- `app.py`: Main application entry point.
- `utils/`: Core logic modules (Data loading, AI engine, Chart generation).
- `assets/`: Custom CSS for the polished UI.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

Commit message:

feat: Enable in-browser execution with st-lite and add GitHub Pages deployment instructions.

README.md, after:

# InsightBridge AI 🌉

**Upload your data. Ask real business questions.**
*No dashboards. No SQL. Just insights.*

InsightBridge AI is a polished, executive-friendly business analytics tool designed to transform raw CSV data into board-ready insights instantly. It uses **st-lite** to run entirely in your browser—no backend server required.

## 🚀 Key Features

- **Talk to Your Data**: Chat interface that understands business context (Trends, Risks, Growth).
- **Instant Visualization**: Dynamic Plotly charts generated on-the-fly within the chat.
- **Executive Summary Mode**: One-click generation of a professional, board-ready 30-60-90 day plan.
- **Serverless Secure**: Your data never leaves your browser; everything runs locally via WebAssembly.
- **Demo-Ready**: Includes a "Surprise Me" mode for effortless demonstrations.

## 🌍 Hosted Demo

This project is ready to run on GitHub Pages!
**[Access the App Here](https://your-username.github.io/insightbridge-ai/)** *(Replace with your URL after forking)*

## 🛠️ Local Development

### 1. Clone & Install
```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/insightbridge-ai.git
cd insightbridge-ai
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 2. Run Locally
```bash
streamlit run app.py
```

## 📦 Deployment to GitHub Pages

1. **Fork/Push** this repository to GitHub.
2. Go to **Settings** > **Pages**.
3. Under **Source**, select `main` branch (or `master`).
4. Click **Save**.
5. Wait ~2 minutes, and your live URL will appear!

## 📦 Project Structure

- `index.html`: Entry point for GitHub Pages (st-lite loader).
- `app.py`: Main Streamlit application.
- `utils/`: Core logic modules.
- `assets/`: Custom UI styles.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome!
